howdy there wayward Berenstein that's
close enough that's close enough y'all
sure you weren't followed
it's night I want to talk to you about
the President of the United States and
his greatest accomplishments well what
should we call you
y'all just called me beep goat since the
president took office you're sure you
weren't followed
right he's done a number of things he
withdrew us from the Open Skies treaty
withdrew us from the intermediate
nuclear forces treaty which is a treaty
Vladimir Putin's been trying to get out
of for years he actually said the
original Russian signers of it were
naive he wanted out of it that bad he
diverted resources military resources
from DoD to go down to the border and
monitor unarmed migrants like there were
some kind of national security threat
then he diverted finances from DoD
undermining their ability to recruit and
readiness to build a wall he's
undermined the intelligence community
both at home domestically and overseas
we undermined the counterintelligence
community by asking foreign countries to
double-check their work
he drove away the most valuable
non-state actor in the Middle East into
the arms of another country he drove
away to courage they've been fighting
with us for 15 years and when he did
that and betrayed them
he made it almost impossible for the
United States to advance its interests
by recruiting and partnering with
indigenous forces the world over because
nobody's going to trust the city he
pulled out of the Iran deal forcing Iran
to cozy up to another country for
protection
he withheld security funds in the middle
of a war from Ukraine and then he
started this seemingly never-ending
trade war with China that has weakened
the economies of both the United States
and China
these are greatest accomplishments and
yeah they all benefit a country but it's
not the United States every one of these
moves benefits Russia well what are you
saying that the president is a Russian
asset I'm not saying anything not saying
anything at all it's just something to
think of something to think about maybe
something to investigate you all the
journalists to me well it's just a
thought y'all have a good time